While travelling with the 
Ischigualastia herd, I encountered 
my first dinosaur in the region. 
Despite their small size, 
Chromogisaurus is an ancient 
ancestor of the titanous 
sauropods. Unlike their giant 
descendants, Chromogisaurus is 
bipedal, and I imagine would fall 
prey to Herrerasaurus often. As 
such, they ran from me when they 
noticed I was watching.

While I have not encountered more, 
I have recently discovered 
several footprints that can be 
attributed to them. Upon closer 
inspection, there were several 
Chromogisaurus in the area, 
congregating around a fallen 
Johnstonia. While normally out of 
reach, this fallen one must have 
proven too good to pass up. If I 
encounter any again, I will have to 
try feeding them some.