Day 13:

Once again wandering through 
Hell Creek forests, I discovered a 
burrow.I decided to wait for its 
owner.After some time of 
observation I saw the owner of 
this burrow.It was a small mammal 
covered in fur.
After a short observation, I 
realized that this is Didelphodon.
It was quite big, as for mammals 
of this period,but still unable to 
stand a chance against dinosaurs.
Living in burrows, these animals 
apparently provide themselves with 
complete safety, since they cannot 
be reached there. when I 
approached, the Didelphodon ran 
and hid, rather than challenge me.

Day 14:

I found out that these little 
animals love to eat Crassostrea 
Oysters! Upon feeding two 
Didelphodons with Crassostrea 
Oysters, they ran to their burrow.
Given some time, the two returned
with several young clinging to 
their mother.