While I was at the river today, I 
discovered two Sillosuchus 
drinking. Although it's distantly 
related to the far more dangerous 
Saurosuchus, the Sillosuchus is 
herbivorous. Until just recently, 
we believed that Sillosuchus was 
not very large, although it was 
possible that it grew up to 10 
meters. This discovery just 
proves that to be correct. Unlike 
many other paracrocodilians, 
Sillosuchus is also bipedal. Their 
size means that nearly nothing 
preys on them.

While on my way back to camp from 
my adventure with the 
Ischigualastia, I discovered a 
group of three Sillosuchus. All of 
them had congregated around 
Dicroidiums that were growing in 
the area. Normally out of reach 
for the fauna of Ischigualasto, 
the tops of the Dicroidiums are in 
the perfect place for the 
Sillosuchus to eat.
