On my return trip from the river, I 
witnessed one of the most 
terrifying sights here in 
Ischigualasto. Laying down in the 
underbrush was a sleeping 
Saurosuchus. While the apex 
predator of the area, they spend 
most of their time sleeping. These 
ancient crocodilian ancestors rule 
the area and gladly prey upon the 
largest animals, such as 
Ischigualastia and Sillosuchus. 
Luckily it was only sleeping, or I 
wouldn't be writing this right now.

When traveling, I discovered an 
Ischigualastia corpse. Luckily the 
predator had left the site, so I felt 
safe to investigate. The bite marks 
indicate that Saurosuchus was the 
attacker. This confirms my theory 
that while Ischigualastia is large, 
the Saurosuchus is able to take it 
down. Whether they commonly eat 
the Ischigualastia or if this was a 
rare occasion, I don't know. More 
research will have to be done.
